[Music]
so hey you've probably heard of random
acts of kindness right well get ready
for some thoughtless acts of selfishness
here are eight tourist attractions
humans have ruined forever mother Nature
has gifted humans with magnificent
waterfalls powerful rivers crystal blue
bays and spectacular rock formations
unfortunately time isn't kind in many of
these striking natural wonders but
that's not the worst part
in some cases none other than people
themselves cause destruction to these
precious places before you find out
about eight tourist attractions you can
nowadays see only in pictures hit
subscribe and ring the notification bell
to join us on the bright side of life
counting down from number eight the
underwater Amazon Indonesia it was March
2017 when a four thousand seven hundred
twenty nine ton British ship named
Caledonian sky crashed into a coral reef
in the region of Raja Ampat an island
chain in the Papua province of Indonesia
this location also called the underwater
Amazon is considered to be one of the
most striking coral reefs in the world
the ship was carrying hundreds of
tourists who were enjoying a
bird-watching trip strangely at one
moment the ship's somehow veered off
course got caught in low tide and ran
aground on the coral reef over 17,000
square feet of the reef has been damaged
by the incident but wait to retreat the
ship they used a tugboat this added to
the damage that had already been caused
by the reef
the head of the official evaluation team
dr. Ricardo Taba lotto stated that it
could take more than a decade for the
reef to recover number seven the
duckbill rock formation Oregon USA the
duckbill was a pedestal shaped rock
formation that stood proudly above the
Pacific Ocean at Cape kiwanis State
Natural Area this rock was popular both
among professional photographers and
amateurs for its shape that resembled a
duck's head the duckbill rock formation
was first documented in the 1900s
according to scientists it had been
around for thousands of years and Nature
had worked hard to create such an
unusual Monument
unfortunately the authorities were
unable to ward off the hordes of
tourists swarming this place people
ignored warning signs climbed over a
fence and hopped on the rock for the
sake of having a cool picture and
finally in 2016 the rock formation
collapsed but the reason for this
tragedy wasn't the fragility of the
formation or winds blowing from the
ocean no it was a group of teenagers
that destroyed this natural wonder in a
matter of several seconds this act of
vandalism was recorded by a passerby
when he confronted the young people they
retorted that their friend had broken
his leg on this rock therefore in their
opinion the duckbill had to be taken
down as a safety hazard the worst part
of this story is that the Vandals
managed to remain unidentified
they have never been caught but even if
they were brought to responsibility
according to Oregon state law they would
only have to pay a four hundred thirty
five dollar fine as they say ignorance
is temporary but stupidity is forever do
you think this is a shocking act of
vandalism well wait until you hear about
the goblins of Utah
number six the goblins of Utah Utah USA
if you ever visit goblin Valley State
Park in Utah you'll be thrilled to your
very core all over the place you'll see
gigantic mushroom shaped rocks perched
on much thinner sandstone formations
erosion and other natural processes have
been creating these unearthly
constructions for over 170 million years
these wonder rocks seem to be a miracle
to everyone but to ex Boy Scout leaders
the men cheered and laughed as they were
destroying ancient rocks the Vandals
were arrested and eventually charged
with a third-degree felony they however
avoided jail time and served a year of
probation
besides the duo had to pay several
thousand dollars so that new warning
signs could be set up in the park how
did the men explain their actions well
they claim that these million years old
constructions were dangerous and thus
had to be destroyed
number five the Guara Falls Paraguay
Brazil
the guar Falls were a number of huge
waterfalls located on the Parana River
this river flows along the border of
Paraguay and Brazil these waterfalls
were a sight to be halt their height was
about 375 feet and the roar of the
falling water could be heard from 20
miles away no wonder that this location
was a popular tourist attraction I think
I can anticipate your next question what
should cause such a massive waterfall to
disappear the answer is people in 1982
the government of Brazil decided to
construct a dam across the Parana River
for hydroelectric purposes well they did
create the itaipu dam reservoir but
meanwhile forever destroyed the Geyer of
Falls number four the Chuckle taya
glacier Bolivia if you get to a height
of about seventeen thousand four hundred
feet in the Andes in Bolivia you'll see
a breathtaking gigantic glacier or
rather you could have found it there of
twenty years ago the chacaltaya glacier
used to be a must-see for most tourists
who came to Bolivia on top of that it
was the closest to equator ski resort
which also had the highest ski run in
the world the world's highest ski lodge
was also situated there it was located
at a higher altitude than the base camp
on Mount Everest while skiing you could
enjoy amazing views of Lake Titicaca
however if you visit this place nowadays
you'll see nothing more than mud and
some lumps of ice this is the result of
climate changes provoked by human
activity in just 20 years from 1981 to
2001 80% of the glacier disappeared as
for the rest it was lost forever in 2009
which was much earlier than experts had
predicted
number three the tenor a tree
the Sahara Desert ne'er the only tree
for 250 square miles in new shares
Sahara Desert the Tenere tree used to be
the most isolated tree on earth it was
an important landmark that helped
caravans and travelers to find their way
in endless sands in the 1930s this tree
was even marked on the maps of military
campaigners scientists claimed that the
only way the tree could survive was a
massive system of roots according to
different estimates these roots could
reach from 40 to 100 feet underground
but in 1973 a man hit the tree with his
truck and snapped the tree trunk into
the man was driving along the road which
traced a century-old Caravan route and
crashed into the only obstacle he could
find for miles rumor has it that the
driver was drunk nowadays the dried
trunk of the tree can be found in the
Nazir National Museum and in the place
where the tree used to stay you'll only
see a metal sculpture which has replaced
the Tenere tree number 2 Maya Beach
Thailand there are few people who have
never heard about Maya Beach and
Thailand this place became famous after
the movie the beach was released in 2000
turquoise water white sand and untouched
lush greenery distinguished the place
from other popular tourist locations
unfortunately the fame of the beach has
brought nothing but a disaster to this
paradise since Leonardo DiCaprio swam in
its waters in 2000 maya bay has become
Thailand's most visited destination the
beach was visited by 200 boats and 5000
turrets a day you can probably imagine
what damage this flow of people brought
about to
this place the pollution caused by boats
trash and even suncream destroyed more
than 80 percent of the coral reef that
surrounds maya bay despite this fact the
authorities were unwilling to shut down
the place since it brought in big
revenue however on the 1st of June 2018
the bay was temporarily closed for four
months naturally
this time wasn't enough for the bay to
recover that's why the closure was
extended for at least one more year
unfortunately according to experts
estimates the recovery of Maya Bay's
ecosystem is likely to take many years
number one
Nazca lines Peru situated 250 miles away
from Lima the geoglyphs of Nazca spread
over a whopping 174 square miles these
huge pictures of stylized plants living
creatures and geometric figures are one
of the greatest mysteries of archaeology
the only way you can appreciate Nazca
lines is from the air but in this case a
question is how were they created these
numerous geoglyphs are very old most of
them date back to 200 BCE to 500 CE II
sadly neither the Enigma nor the
magnificence of the 2000 year old images
stop vandals from ruining them one of
the reasons is the pan-american highway
that goes through the site in February
2018 a man deliberately drove his truck
across the site and damaged three
straight-line geoglyphs the worst thing
is that it wasn't the first time drivers
crossed into the protected area despite
the signs that indicated the preserved
status of the area surprisingly another
danger to the ancient geoglyphs came
from Greenpeace activists in 2014 during
climate change talks in Lima they left
on the ground a giant message that said
time for a change the future is
renewable
unfortunately this inscription was
located too close to one of the images a
hummingbird and the footprints of the
activists as well as the message itself
damaged the site so what do you think
what in your opinion can be done to
protect priceless masterpiece that were
created by nature share your ideas in
the comment section below remember to
give us a thumbs up share this video
with your friends and hit the subscribe
button to join us on the bright side of
life it's